feat(logger): add method to return currently configured keys (#4033)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/core/logger.md

For exceptional cases where you want to completely replace our formatter logic, you can subclass `BasePowertoolsFormatter`.

???+ warning

>     You will need to implement `append_keys`, `current_keys`, `clear_state`, override `format`, and optionally `remove_keys` to keep the same feature set Powertools for AWS Lambda (Python) Logger provides. This also means keeping state of logging keys added.

Reviewer: To keep in alphabetical orders **current_keys** should come after **clear_state**

For exceptional cases where you want to completely replace our formatter logic, you can subclass `BasePowertoolsFormatter`.

???+ warning

>     You will need to implement `append_keys`, `clear_state`, override `format`, and optionally `get_current_keys`, and `remove_keys` to keep the same feature set Powertools for AWS Lambda (Python) Logger provides. This also means keeping state of logging keys added.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You will need to implement `append_keys`, `clear_state`, override `format`, and optionally `get_current_keys`, and `remove_keys` to keep the same feature set Powertools for AWS Lambda (Python) Logger provides. This also means tracking the added logging keys.
```

This is unrelated to this PR, but what do you think?
